I already have the Robust Data Ingestion Pipeline for the calendar events, and I'm going to use that as a model to build the pipeline for Gmail events and for a drive folder in Google Drive. I'm limiting myself to those three items for ingestion to start so that it is feasible and possible to do. Obviously the longer term plan or the next version would be to introduce Microsoft and Apple products to the mix to allow ingestion of any email calendar and drive, and also in terms of the costs where every email, every calendar event, every note becomes a potential API call. We're going to use background processing for emails and calendar events. We're going to put rate limiting in place so that even if the person is paying 30 euros a month,They're not going to be able to make a huge number of API calls, similar to how Anthropic rate limits me on my 20 euro a month plan. They will get a notice saying that they are not able to use AI further for the next 3-4 hours, and they can try again from 9 o'clock. Or they can be told that, I think that's the better model to have, not like Cursor where they tell you that you have just reached your limit and you have 4 weeks left of the month to go.Yeah, definitely caching, we're going to use Redis for that, I presume. That'll come later. We're going to optimize. At the moment, I've got a bottleneck where APIs are processed consequently or sequentially, and I tried to install concurrent but it sort of blew up the database. So I'm still working on that. There are problems, and I'm working on them. But don't just say that we can't do this because I'm one person. I've already managed to get so far.I totally agree that we need validation and keep human in the loop. Maybe my vision was a little bit skewed, similar to Cursor, where you can use auto, you can auto-apply, you can have certain things auto-run, but you can always have a disallow list and an allowed list. You can block certain actions, you can pre-block pre-tool calls, that kind of thing. So we need to introduce that kind of control in the task approvals. I never wanted anything to be done by the AI that wasn't approved by the human. So human in the loop is a fundamental part of this plan and how we integrate that into it so that it's invisible. So far I've come up with the tasks productivity module that will help the user to track their habits and goals, their projects, their to-do lists, their different work zones and their clients' goals as well as all of that. It's less dependent on the AI for the productivity suite, but the main reason to have the productivity suite is so that the task approvals can go through that to them so they can get the approval, the list of approved tasks that need approval, which are the tasks that the AI has come up with overnight from the background processing.The AI can't send an email unless they're approved. They can't add a calendar event unless they're approved. They can't take actions autonomously unless it's approved. But the user can offer approvals for similar events or similar tasks that they don't have to be asked the next time. But always with checks, but also with the raw data is not able to be changed. The raw data is the raw data and it can be added to, but never deleted or replaced. And that way, we always have the ability to go in and delete the raw data the user can, not the AI, for GDPR and also to be able to verify that doesn't look right. Let me check. The raw data. Ah, I understand where it comes from now. And that's why the AI has to give reasons how it came to the decisions and the level of confidence it comes up with.I recognize that I am hitting a technical wall, but it's not insurmountable. I'm only trying to get the MVP ready, so that I have a product that I can put in the hands of the practitioners. And I think the productivity suite will be a definite possibility to do, because it is mostly based on traditional CRM or productivity apps. Calendar and Gmail ingestion and the insights generated from that, and the way that the AI will be able to flesh out new contacts or fill in fields like work and role or social media handles or social media postings, that kind of thing, is going to be possible. It's not going to be 360 degrees, but it's going from these data sources Gmail and calendar your Gmail calendar and a particular drive in your drive folder in Google Drive you can get insights that these solopreneurs don't currently get access to.The paradox in this product is that practitioners are looking for simplicity and they want to avoid overwhelm, and the product needs to have additional complexity in order to become simple. It's a product that in order to appease their sensibilities has to hide its power behind wellness constraints. I'm both a wellness practitioner and a businessman, and I've always had this very stubborn drive to get the process correct. And then I understood the why behind processes and the emotional impact and the wellness side of it - sincere and honest and in your face but for your wellbeing, for your love, for love. So it's tapas, like fiery discipline and so on. I totally agree with you on the overengineering. That's why I brought the plan to you and why I've given you so much feedback because I'm not looking for overengineering. I'm looking for the best, simplest, most efficient way of getting the basic must-have features to the client, to the user.I totally agree that the proposed plan was outrageous and the level of changes to the schemas and even just the narrow-mindedness of using three models for everything is ridiculous. We can break these processes down into many different things that we can get free models to do that are good at tasks that require time and high latency but are accurate, high accuracy. Other models that have low hallucination are important for the insights and so on. So there was no real work in the plan about model selection, model testing, or any of that. I didn't really believe the plan was any good. I just gave it to you to get the conversation started. And I have the RawEvents table for all rawe ingestion, only this table is used for raw data, the interactions is for the timeline and is the structured output of the raw data for interactions, right now claendar works, next i will plug in email.  Ai insights is the thinking model, the expensive one, so there search and discover data from the raw to the structured and then theres another reading for insights, ran only on new data, the existing insights are embeded so the llm can add to it, if needed once a quarter we could run a long analysis to get 12 week data patterns but I am on it I think I have the right attitude and i am glad we talked this though, so back to my original question, i still need to build the productivity suite, but now you know the direction we are going in you can ensure that the right infrastucture is used for the jobs